if there is a monster living inside your
smartphone that obsessively tries to befriend you
how would you break it to him that you aren't
interested in this how to beat video we follow a
haunted family define the threats and ultimately
figure out on how we could beat Larry and come
play we start off with eight-year-old Oliver
comfortably sleeping when he gets woken up by
his smartphone he then decides to walk through his
house smashing his weird jelly hand against the
walls and stands in the doorway of his mom's room
like he's the villain of this movie after getting
his nightly diabetes type 2 dose he gets back to
his room where he finds his phone displaying this
he doesn't seem to be able to press it away which
is definitely an unusual thing we also don't know
how it appeared in his phone either but i think
we can agree on Larry being an absolute weirdo
i mean if he wants friends he might would do
well to stop creeping people out at first sight
i am not so sure if closing the door was the right
decision here you practically trapped yourself in
if screaming is too old school he could have sent
the whatsapp to his parents at the very least he
blocked the door so the monster would first trip
and fall before he gets to him but all of that
doesn't matter because that was just a dream an
interesting fact we learned though is that the kid
here seems to have some sort of speak impairment
not allowing him to speak without a smartphone
good job technology the next morning we witness
an argument between his parents and as usual the
man is a problem but i get it he doesn't give the
impression to be very capable in raising his son
that is until he lures him with a laser pointer
back in my days they used candy at school oliver
participates quite normally in his class using
his smartphone to communicate all to the dislike
of his fellow classmates not only is he the freak
of the class no he also gets to use a smartphone
after class one of the kids asks him if he
wants to come and hang out which he aptly
agrees to i mean this kid has a severe speech
impairment i can't imagine the difficulties
for him going through daily life how do you
even make friends with a condition like this
so naturally oliver walks over to the meeting
point just to realize he got tricked into a
trap imagine not being able to defend yourself
with speech and then even get bullied for it
but something interesting happens in that scene we
could see that something was observing the event
from inside his phone giving me the impression
that we may get to see some revenge later on from
what we know it could be larry and if it is i'm
starting to like larry they could be a great match
now i don't want to jump to any conclusions yet
but the movie does tell us that electronic devices
have something to do with larry but it is also
true that spongebob is oddly often involved too
now having done extensive research i
have found out that larry could also be
spongebob's cousin we cut to oliver's dead and
his demanding job as a parking lot manager he also
has obvious problems with his chair denying
him focus to finish his crossword challenge
as he tries to fix his seat he hears an odd sound
now at first i thought there was someone knocking
on the glass window to get a parking ticket but
it seems like it came from the lost and found
box over there when he opens the box all he finds
is a tablet in need for some electric juice well
we start to understand that larry or larry's seem
to be somehow connected to tablets and the likes
at this point it would be impossible for him
to even remotely consider something like this
well that's weird i have never seen a sliding door
being pushed open by wind and let's be honest ever
since supernatural this series flickering light
bulbs are pretty much always indicating paranormal
activity it is obvious that he isn't fan of
the horror genre nor does he seem to be on
the paranormal subreddit i think we can safely
conclude by now that this whole family seems to
be haunted by something and with something i mean
probably larry when he arrives back home he hands
over the tablet to oliver his wife doesn't seem
to be much happy about it seems like she got some
serious insecurity problems meanwhile oliver
is happily playing with his new gadget until
there is a weird noise coming from his closet
he doesn't seem to mind though and continues
playing with his new tablet since he is autistic
there might be some sort of explanation for
that type of reaction autistic people usually
struggle with appropriate emotional response
time to pack your stuff and leave your
room whatever the heck that was it wasn't
anything friendly and if it was it seriously
lacks social skills perhaps it's an autistic
monster we don't know yet but i would stay in
this room for a million bucks i'm not sure if
oliver just doesn't get it or if he's just too
curious about it at first i thought closing the
closet door just like that probably won't suffice
to keep larry from creeping but at second thought
it might have been a pretty smart move because
whenever we have seen larry it was in darkness
like on the parking lot and now in oliver's room
and back on the field it was bright daylight
perhaps preventing him to intervene the point is
we don't know yet for sure but my best guess would
be larry has either something to do with light
or electricity the next day the spook ain't over
hello time to change your tablet provider this
wasn't alexa nor siri talking to you oliver but
to be fair larry has a point here oliver's parents
seem to be quite a bit bothered by his condition
the people around him want him to be normal yet
they treat him like he isn't in my experience that
doesn't work if they treated him like a normal
person it would be much easier for him to adapt
and actually be normal the two main possibilities
here are larry isn't bad and really just wants a
friend or larry is that candyman in a sketchy
van around an elementary school oliver picks up
the tablet and throws it into the cupboard under
the stairs not sure if that helps the movie hasn't
told us much about larry yet besides the fact
that he seems to be somewhat connected to electric
devices and likes to creep on little kids but
if you really should be connected to the tablet
perhaps the best choice here would have been to
either break it or get rid of it completely i.e
burn it dissolve it or throw it into the mariana
trench when the night breaks in oliver's mom had
the brilliant idea to surprise her autistic
son with a sleepover of his three bullies
and the award for the worst mom goes to yes
this woman during the night one of the kids
checks out the cupboard under the stairs thinking
it's oliver's secret candy stash nope he finds
the haunted tablet and starts reading the tale
of larry larry just wants a friend the story
mentions that larry comes from another world
implying he is a supernatural being out of reach
he isn't from the world you know secondly the
story tells us that larry watches our world
through windows which connects his realm to ours
since there were several scenes in which we could
witness larry looking through oliver's smartphone
i think it is safe to conclude that the windows
mentioned are the screens of electronic devices to
turn those windows into doors and the last part of
the story mentions how you must know larry's whole
story in order to turn the windows into doors
what does that mean that means he just screwed
up in the following events we see oliver holding
up his tablet with the main camera turned on
pointing at the kitchen while larry seems to
be only visible on the screen he doesn't appear
in front of the naked eye that means he either
only exists inside electronic devices or he
is invisible why would you want to read the
next pages you just write a super creepy story
while seven light bulbs exploded all around you
if that wasn't a red flag i don't know what is and
what about that ghoul-like thing cowering in the
corner of your kitchen "what the sh*t is that"
look i wouldn't want to be his friend either
and as much as i would like to say that that kid
is nuts i would have probably done the exact same
thing because something like this just can't be
real right i'm going to take a wild guess and
say sleepovers at this house probably won't be
a thing anymore at least we could figure out a
few interesting facts about larry for instance
that you really don't want to be his friend
the best solution for now would be getting
rid of all electronic devices but for that
the mother must know about the strange events
taking place if she doesn't know and oliver
starts a tantrum and breaks all electronic
devices she'd probably be quick in giving him
over to a daycare that means she must experience
what the kids have experienced last night first
luckily the haunted tablet is at home when
she's replacing the broken light bulbs
and it doesn't take long until she too starts
to understand that something just isn't right
whoa flickering light bulbs is one thing
but a cleaned and fixed living room is on
a whole other level if that would happen to
me i'd be heading through the nearest window
but not this woman though she first wants
to investigate let me make one thing clear
sherlock it isn't possible to have 7 light bulbs
fixed in 14 seconds without making any noise
even the ideal electrician champion couldn't do
that if you're hearing his footsteps like these
then you better go for a run of course she
doesn't because if she does there would be
no need for this video our lady here wants to
find the intruder herself so she looks through
her house and eventually gets to speak to him say
goodbye to oliver yeah the classic tape over the
front cam thing if i were her i would have done
that since the father has brought home this thing
who knows who owned that device before it was lost
and found having creeps spying on people and kids
is a real thing and happens daily she finally
storms out and drives over to the school to pick
up oliver which i think is the best possible thing
to do here when somebody wants to take away your
son the most important thing is to have your son
by your side at all times yes even in restrooms
on the way out she actually takes the time and
tells oliver what is happening kudos to her for
that one i didn't see that coming i personally
believe that appropriate communication is key
for almost all scenarios while she's explaining
the situation to oliver who still knows more than
her at this point she gets a call from the mother
of the kid that got assaulted by larry the night
before they rush over to her place and find a
traumatized boy who stopped speaking ever since
the kid eventually comes around and tells
the full story of what happened that night
and that he lied about oliver being the
perpetrator he tried to kill me something
unnatural is happening whether you can explain it
or not and whatever happens is somehow related to
the story of larry and the tablet oliver's status
brought home even though it is still likely hard
to believe that a supernatural monster is trying
to get your son this is not the time to head back
home and pack your stuff it's been only a couple
of hours since you have heard menacing footsteps
inside this very house why would you even
consider coming back here besides your friend's
kid just told you half an hour ago that he almost
got killed by an invisible monster that calls
himself larry i don't think you have thought this
through can anybody please tell this woman to stop
leaving her autistic eight-year-old son behind
you shouldn't even be here in the first place and
if for some reason jesus himself has ordered you
to visit that house you want to make it as quick
as possible without leaving your son out of sight
that's exactly what i'm talking about but this kid
here is so lonely he actually takes the bait if
that was me i would have frozen in terror come to
think of it larry might be only targeting lonely
people to begin with and if that's the case then
oliver needs a real friend asap but to be fair
using the camera of the tablet is a smart idea
and seemingly the only way to see larry we still
don't know how larry exists or how he travels
but if throwing away all your electronic devices
doesn't help you shielding off this school-like
thing then you would have just thrown away the
only means that would allow you to actually see
him if larry can only be seen through screens
of electronic devices night vision goggles or
smart glasses might be a great fit walking around
holding your phone with stretched out arms is a
bad choice since it limits your ability to defend
yourself and barehandedly fighting larry seems to
be rather unrealistic for now i'm strongly leaning
towards getting rid of all electronic devices and
do some research at the father's place oliver's
mom tries her best to tell him about the strange
events taking place i guess talking about
flickering light bulbs while turning on and off
the lights as a reference might not be the most
convincing strategy how about looking into his
eyes tell him that there is something seriously
wrong and it has something to do with the tablet
he has brought home a few days ago sometimes to
get across a message tough measures must be taken
playing poltergeist isn't one of them predictably
the conversation about the kid's safety shifts
into a power play between the parents although
he isn't entirely wrong about the sleep thing
being overly exhausted is a bad basis for fighting
paranormal phenomena but the worst thing they
could have done at this point was splitting up
she should have insisted on staying together
until they have figured out a better solution we
cut back to the parking lot where oliver's dad is
practicing his challenging duty everything is
all fun and play until he pulls out the tablet
completely ignoring his son's concerns and
the moms rant from before he tells oliver
not to worry and promises to protect him a full
second later he leaves him behind to pick up
some tools from the car i am no parent counselor
but i'm pretty sure oliver's safety is best kept
when being in your sight at all times whether
you believe it's a monster that is after your son
or a human creep i don't think it makes a big
difference in how you handle things meanwhile
oliver walks happily into the dark parking lot
completely ignoring the fact that an invisible
monster is trying to murder him i'm starting
to think that those people just don't give a f-
can somebody please tell this guy to stop
talking to his son as if he were a pet
he starts to remind me of the
moronic blonde girl in scary movie 4.
let's get in those ears as the dad checks
out the empty parking lot through the camera
of the tablet for the longest period ever
his son gets strangled in the background
that took a while at least he gets it now i
just don't think he will make it to the ending
with more luck than brain they make
it back home where they finally start
to discuss what larry is and how they can beat him
that was about time oliver for once makes a smart
move and draws larry's existence onto paper i am
not sure what to do with that information yet
but perhaps breaking the windows ie screens of
each device is a logical conclusion that prevents
larry from entering the real world but something
just doesn't make sense here if larry can't get to
oliver yet then how did he almost kill him an hour
ago he clearly can engage in physical interaction
with this world so why would he need to enter
this world in completion first the only possible
reason that i can think of is that larry doesn't
want to kill nor harm anyone he truly just wants
a friend and for that it seems like he must enter
this world first in order to be able to carry over
someone to his realm if that's the case then the
best and quickest way to beat larry would have
been to never read his story in the first place
but since that has already happened
and the connection has been established
getting rid of all electronic devices would be
the next best thing but that would mean you can
never get too close to any electronic devices
ever again which is just not a feasible solution
in this day and age the next day oliver's mom
confronts his therapist with the story of larry
yeah i kid you not this woman legit thought
that that would be a good idea if i were that
therapist i would have called child support
quicker than this woman can spell larry
to be honest apart from close relatives and
very good friends i doubt that anyone would
ever take you seriously if you shared this story
well we're hoping that that's over now because we
destroyed that thing the way she's proudly
saying that they have destroyed that thing
makes me want to throw up she doesn't seem to
realize that each and every smartphone screen
is a possible door for larry to climb through the
story of larry made this abundantly clear though
at school oliver and his former friend byron
reconnect through the incidents that happened
with larry oliver realizes that it was his mom's
fault and that byron and he broke their friendship
off because of her yep this woman sure as hell
won't get the mvp in this movie but seeing oliver
forming a friendship with another kid makes me
wonder if that's a possible way to beat larry
after all larry only targets lonely people so
perhaps getting out of that lonely bubble might
shifts away larry's intention in wanting you as
a friend but it could also be the case that once
larry chooses you to become his bff it doesn't
matter if you suddenly join the football club
enough talk i think it's time to get rid of some
characters oliver's dad gets haunted by larry
proving that larry can look through any device
with a screen and come think of it it makes total
sense if smartphone screens or actual windows
connecting larry's realm with ours then that
would mean that his realm is actual electricity
and that he travels through electromagnetic fields
that would explain the electric interferences
whenever larry is present if that theory turns
out to be true then that would mean that anything
capable and shielding of electromagnetic radiation
would shield off larry as well i don't know
about y'all but i'm getting my tinfoil hats ready
i don't know how he escaped the situation but oh
boy aren't these people lucky he even finds a way
to lock in the creep just bad he moves through
electricity huh while i agree it is dangerous
to jump out of a moving vehicle having a monster
on your passenger seat is just as discomforting
the only chance oliver's dad had in this situation
was to stop the car and run into the woods to a
place far off any electricity it also confused
me at first as to why he would go back to work
so quickly after the events of the past few days
but that wasn't necessarily a bad thing to do
distraction often helps coping with traumatizing
events but sending your son to school while not
being supervised on the other hand wasn't as
smart all three of them should have sticked
together for at least a few days just to make
sure that things have gone back to normal again
after they had destroyed the tablet oliver's
mom gets a call about her husband having been
involved in a car crash and remains unresponsive
she inevitably understands that larry isn't bound
to any specific device and gets back in
where larry talks to her through the tv
he's saying that he won't stop until they finish
reading his story that's a pretty needy monster
this larry he then goes on about how the world
only looks at their screens and not each other
and that that loneliness itself creates him
i think what he's trying to say is get a life
how do you think i would feel if larry took all
of her i love how she's trying to reason herself
out of this situation but i don't think larry
gives a f- she then attempts to rip off the
tv from the wall and throws it onto the streets
along with any other electronic devices she finds
heck she even goes as far as to screw out each
and every light bulb i like how she suddenly
becomes so thorough in her actions but perhaps
switching off the fuse box would have been quicker
if larry needs electricity to exist turning off
the juice at the source is the best solution
can you just be normal for one second meanwhile
oliver has lost his mind but to be fair
those flickering lights almost cost me a seizure
when i was watching the movie i know that this
is a stressful situation but can we not forget
that this is all her fault if she didn't lie
about his only friend not wanting to be his friend
anymore larry wouldn't even have appeared in this
household the key to success in this movie was
literally to accept this one kid the way he is
while treating him as normal as possible without
making him feel like he's an alien the crazy thing
here is that the whole neighborhood just suffered
a complete outage yet larry seems to be still
chilling around here either we made a mistake in
our theory or larry is about to fully enter this
world and the interference grows so strong
that the local circuit completely overloaded
looks like that seems to be the case hey at
least you can see him now with naked eyes
this would be a good time to start wearing your
tin foil hats the truth is none of them has put
in the slightest effort in understanding
what larry is or how he can be beaten
knowing that he travels through electromagnetic
fields and is closely related to those is a pretty
big hint after finding that out they should
have contacted the nearest physics professor
while he probably would not have believed them
neither he could have still given them valuable
information on how all of that stuff works
but it's too late for that now and no hiding
under your bed will not save you from larry's
entitlement of becoming your friend i don't
want to be as smart as but the first thing i would
have done after seeing this is pouring a bucket of
water over larry and see what happens if larry is
made out of electric radiation then he shouldn't
be able to get to you when you are inside a
faraday cage while living inside such a cage
might not be possible 24 7 it should be possible
to have one ready inside your house for whenever
larry starts creeping again kind of like emergency
bunkers and sellers of certain houses obviously
bringing in electronic devices would cancel the
cage's ability to keep you safe but if larry has
a period of excessive desires of wanting to become
your friend again and he just won't leave anymore
perhaps a propane stove and other non-electronic
survival gear would be best kept inside this cage
at all times along with some canned food and water
reserves oliver and his mom don't have that luxury
though and need to do the next best thing escape
to a place where there are no immediate electric
sources around they make it to the field where
oliver got bullied earlier in the movie but lost
his phone somewhere in the tall grass through
this device larry appears and chases down both
in the end oliver's mom sacrifices herself
and becomes larry's friend instead of oliver
good luck to larry let's recap and see
how they could have acted differently
larry first appeared sometime after oliver has
lost his only friend byron and thus became very
socially isolated this caused him to suffer from
severe loneliness this loneliness attracted larry
the movie also told us that byron and oliver
were pretty close friends and that that small
fight which they had would have never caused
them to break off their friendship the movie
depicts quite well from the start that oliver's
mom struggles a lot with oliver's condition if i
wouldn't know better i think she would have
been the better candidate to enter therapy
if she could have handled her insecurities
better she would have never caused oliver
to lose his only friend which in return would
have never resulted in larry targeting oliver
after larry has appeared there were several
events that shed light on what larry is oliver's
mom herself told oliver's therapist midway through
the movie that larry traveled through electricity
which turned out to be true if she had this
knowledge in her hand she could have taken
appropriate measurements to prevent any further
damage done by larry for instance prepare tinfoil
armory and tinfoil spares if you have better ideas
on how to beat larry let me know in the comments
if you have enjoyed this video leave a like
and subscribe thank you very much and bye bye